Builder Grant Judge Group

--Mission
The mission of the Builder Grant Judge group is to maximize the number of developers building on MVC.
The builder grant will be assessed by 5 Team Head from early contributor group + Technical Committee members for the first MVC builder Grant.

--Builder Grant Judge Role
The following summarizes the basic budget and parameters of the Builder Grant Judge group

Budget: Justify the budget used
Grant Size: <Depends
Support: Successful grants require 60% Builder Grant Judge group members to adopt a proposal or approve an action

--Rubric for Proposals
Review Rubric
The Rubric for grading initial proposals should be used by Builder Grant Judge members based on the criteria in the table below.

https://mvcdao.gitbook.io/mvc-dao/future-discussion/hackathon-judge-group

Builder Grant Cycle Report
Prior to the beginning of each Builder Grant cycle, the Buildr Grant Judge group will publish the Builder Grant cycle report for
categories of projects the judge group believes to have a high likelihood of maximizing the number of developer or users who use MVC technology for each Builder Hackathon cycle. 
Summary report will be published to the website. Initial categories of interest include:
Product Category: 

A) Infrastructure Track
B) BTCfi Application Track
C) SDK & Tools & Launchpad Track
D) Layer 1 Smart contract Track
E) Specific Job or Feature Development
F) Web 3 Business Integration Track:

Grants from the treasury given directly to builders, projects and protocols are required by the MVCDAO to be vested 
in three months [33.33% per month] after the builder grant event end. There are two reasons:

This creates long-term incentive alignment with MVC. The Collective will be most successful with a community of builders
and users who care about the MVCs vision and are on board with the work required to get there. Locking grants helps prevent 
grantees from treating the treasury as a short-term fix and aborting.

Space is a governance token. It is not intended to fully fund an operations or the cost of running a business. 
Locking token grants helps communicate to interested parties that the primary purpose of Space is for governance and 
incentive alignment, not for cash.
